c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Logica.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Logica.deps.json
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Logica.pdb
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Buffers.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Linq.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Memory.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Private.DataContractSerialization.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Reflection.Emit.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Reflection.TypeExtensions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Threading.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Datos.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Entidades.dll
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Datos.pdb
c:\Users\DevZeros\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\WebApartamento\Logica\bin\Debug\netstandard2.1\publish\Entidades.pdb
